Trying to get Tails to work on the portable USB has been extremely frustrating. Downloading Tails was not a problem, except for it taking a long time to download. I was nervous, and therefore cautious, when putting the disk image on the USB because I did not want to erase my laptop's system on accident. Fortunately, that did not happen. However, there may be an error when writing the Tails disk image on the USB because now (after downloading the EFI) the computer does not recognize a portable booting system when Tails seemed to be successfully downloaded on the USB. At first I thought to change the port I used for the USB and change when I held the option key. Eventually, the opening screen showed my partition that had my computer system on it, but this would only lead me back to my normal desktop. The USB however, had the Tails disk image and was renamed as Tails. Inside the USB there were the files that held the program, yet the system still did not show any other options than the one partition.

Then, I went on the Tails blogging site that answered frequent questions and issues with booting Tails on a USB for Macs, and it said to download an EFI. So, I used the given link from SourceForge to download a rEFInd package, then restarted my system once before trying to restart my laptop holidng the option key with my USB in the port. Even though the screen showed the EFI package on the opening screen, this still did not work because the computer could not read the Tails package on the USB. Then the whole class resorted to exchanging USBs to see if it was just our laptops that was the issue. My USB worked on Professor Laufer's laptop, but his USB did not work on my laptop. So it means that there is a problem on my end. Then, I decided to redo the Tails package on the USB via terminal again. This still did not work. 

This past class period, I downloaded a different EFI package, and it showed a different screen with and EFI and Boot legacy launcher icon options on the opening screen. However, both of the foreign icons still were not able to find the Tails package on the USB. This experience of troubleshooting is one of the most frustrating, not only because it has been taking a long time, but also because I wanted to use Tails to be able to secure my privacy more when I use the internet. And this is especially so after the recent passed law that violates people's privacy through tracking and making information more public.

Thank you Professor Laufer for the USB, knowledge, experience. Hopefully, we can figure this issue out during the next class.